chore: add python agentkit readme (#359)
coinbase/agentkit: python/coinbase-agentkit/README.md

  - [Create an AgentKit instance with a specified wallet provider](#create-an-agentkit-instance-with-a-specified-wallet-provider)
  - [Create an AgentKit instance with specified action providers](#create-an-agentkit-instance-with-specified-action-providers)
  - [Use with a framework extension (e.g., LangChain + OpenAI)](#use-with-a-framework-extension)
- [Creating an Action Provider](#creating-an-action-provider)
  - [Adding Actions to your Action Provider](#adding-actions-to-your-action-provider)
  - [Adding Actions that use a Wallet Provider](#adding-actions-that-use-a-wallet-provider)
  - [Adding an Action Provider to your AgentKit instance](#adding-an-action-provider-to-your-agentkit-instance)
- [Wallet Providers](#wallet-providers)
  - [CdpWalletProvider](#cdpwalletprovider)
  - [EthAccountWalletProvider](#ethaccountwalletprovider)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Getting Started

*Prerequisites*:
- [Python 3.10+](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
- [CDP Secret API Key](https://docs.cdp.coinbase.com/get-started/docs/cdp-api-keys#creating-secret-api-keys)

## Installation

```bash
pip install coinbase-agentkit
```

## Usage

### Create an AgentKit instance

> If no wallet or action providers are specified, the agent will use the `CdpWalletProvider` and `WalletProvider` action provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no wallet or action providers are specified, the agent will use the `CdpWalletProvider` and `WalletActionProvider` by default.
```
